Update services_for_ios.rst (#4465)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/platform/services_for_ios.rst

-  ``Error purchase(Variant p_params);``
-  ``Error request_product_info(Variant p_params);``
-  ``Error restore_purchases();``

> -  ``void  set_auto_finish_transaction(bool b);``
> -  ``void  finish_transaction(String product_id);``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``void set_auto_finish_transaction(bool b);``
-  ``void finish_transaction(String product_id);``
```

purchase
~~~~~~~~

> Purchases a product id through the Store Kit API. You have to call finish_transaction(product_id) once you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purchases a product ID through the Store Kit API. You have to call finish_transaction(product_id) once you 
```

> receive a successful response or call set_auto_finish_transaction(true) prior to calling purchase. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
receive a successful response or call ``set_auto_finish_transaction(true)`` prior to calling purchase. 
```

      "result": "ok",
      "product id": "product id of restored purchase"
    }
    
set_auto_finish_transaction
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If set to true, once a purchase is successful, your purchase will be 
> finalized automatically. Call this method prior to calling purchase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to ``true``, once a purchase is successful, your purchase will be 
finalized automatically. Call this method prior to calling ``purchase()``.
```

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

> Takes a bool as a parameter, with one field, b, a bool specifying if 
> purchases should be automatically finalized. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes a boolean ``b`` as a parameter which specifies if purchases should be
automatically finalized. Example:
```

::

    InAppStore.set_auto_finish_transaction( true )

finish_transaction
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you don't want transactions to be automatically finalized, call this
method after you receive a successful purchase response.

> Parameters
> ^^^^^^^^^^
> Takes a string as a parameter, with one field, product_id, a string 
> specifying what product to finalize the purchase on. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

Takes a string ``product_id`` as an argument. ``product_id`` specifies what product to finalize the purchase on. Example:
```
